🧪 Challenge Overview. Business Case based on a real company


Guidelines

Be pro. Please, answer all the following questions, one by one. Submit your answers as a Powerpoint or PDF document containing your slides.

Be patient. Do not open the attached documents before you reach the 2nd question.

Prospect goal

Our client is AHL Design & Engineering. AHL Design & Engineering has approached Factorial for help with exploring new ways to lower its costs.


Situation description

An Account Executive from our Portuguese Market team had an initial meeting with AHL Design & Engineering. She's already scheduled the next meeting for next Thursday and would like to invite our internal consultant (you) so they can ask more specific questions, particularly regarding Factorial Finance modules.


Question 1: Company Information & Initial Research

Unfortunately, the Account Executive didn't provide enough information about AHL Design & Engineering. The headquarters are in Romania, but the company is expanding a lot. Before your meeting, please gather all available public information online to get a better understanding of the company. Focus on:

Industry

Size (e.g., revenue, number of employees)

Main activities

Any available financial information

Important: Please be prepared to provide the URL links where you found this information.

Deliverable: Prepare a 1-2 slide presentation (maximum) summarizing your findings about AHL Design & Engineering.

Question 2: Financial Situation Analysis

Just before the meeting, the CFO of AHL Design & Engineering sent some financial information about the company. 

Unfortunately the original document is in French… Good luck! 

Please review this information and provide your comments and insights.

What do you think are the key takeaways from their financial situation?

Helpful Hint: If you were not able to find the financial information by yourself for Question 1, 
please refer to the attached document for this question.

Deliverable: Prepare a 1-2 slide presentation (maximum) outlining your comments on the company's financial situation.

Question 3: Expense Management Challenges & Discovery Questions

Please note: The scenarios presented below for AHL Design & Engineering are fictive for the purpose of this exercise.

You've done your research, and the Account Executive has provided an update: it seems AHL Design & Engineering has s
pecific issues with cost management. Due to a lack of tools, the CFO has identified three main problems:

1 > They cannot accurately plan the cost of each project.

2 > They cannot accurately plan the cost of travel expenses.

3 > Their purchasing process is too slow and results in excessive costs.

Please choose ONE of these three problems to focus on for the rest of this question.

First, illustrate what a standard process to evaluate expense management typically looks like in a business, 
highlighting common pain points (these generally apply across various expense types).

Then, for the specific problem you have chosen, outline the best questions you would ask the CFO in the upcoming meeting.

Deliverable: Prepare a 2-3 slide presentation (maximum) on expense management processes and your proposed discovery questions.

Question 4: Competitive Landscape & Factorial Differentiation
The meeting has been held, and you collected some valuable information. The CFO mentioned they are also in 
discussion with Personio and Workday

Considering these competitors, what are the product similarities and differences between them and Factorial?

Do you see any distinct product differentiation that Factorial offers?

Deliverable: Prepare a 2-3 slide presentation (maximum) outlining your competitive analysis.